At 26 the fourth edition of the
international circus festival city
de figueres the great family of sale of
the artists of 24 companies rehearses for
get to seduce the 15 members of the
jury will evaluate the actions are the
flying trapezoids of the national being of
Pyongyang of North Korea
a new circular central tent of 52
meters in diameter and about 15 shoes
between columns to maintain one of the
attractions programmed in the
shows to measure it in total are
very capable that are of the two tents
large the central tent for 2,000
spectators 52 meters in diameter
with 15 meters of height on the balcony
supermarket the million bull to the maximum to
level of aerial attractions that the
neighborhood of the personal mountain of the 24
unpublished europe numbers that are set
are aerial numbers to the territory of a
change in the program by hard lionel
for its instruments according to replace
by the Russian company murátov a
display of ships without horses are
without horses from the company that bruises
is in groups to an exhibition of volta
of kidnapping is an egg number the euro
and the really extraordinary engraving of
voltaire kidnaps a discipline that does not
is new to cataluña but has
schools with a high level of will
kidnap and that is to say produce the year
2010 we will celebrate 250 years say to
state and serves to make the
rough track no because no
to england in these cases also
of a person who was returned in
kidnapping the track to match the
trot the horse to do it more
regular possible important possible what
that was called incredible rafa 2 in 50
years that was the most you can stay
in equilibrium effect types of tests and
norms on sight but also the
of the horse world are already more than 22
thousand entries of the more than 32 thousand
available at home also sell 20
with mail with 22 thousand tickets is clear
that there is a long way to go and
I hope it is impossible for the
recurrent in saying that there are so many
Ticket sales since no function
have totally out of town but
also close we are in different
figures at that time last year
If I'm not going to report, I can not but
definitive about the moment of crisis
in which we live and the month's pay that
arrive at the supposed people was also the
most mortals
where in the form of work surely not
there was
in the festival and the effect of the crisis
evidently they are phenomena Spain
all other European countries so that
normally the purchase decision of
entry is real and without fine to last
time the festival starts said the
lovers of the stars for some
vascular generals as a public that
this is the moon in acrobatic troupe of
the china will cover the spectacular medium
Y